Yves: What scene will you shoot?
Olivia Hye: I am not gonna tell…
Chuu: Are you curious?
Chuu: Success in matching lines!
Go Won: I’m good at matching lines, too!
Yves: Right, she’s good at reacting quickly!
Yves: Park Go Won, 19 years old!
Yves: Even while we are talking other subject,
Chuu: Me! 19 years old, PARK. GO. WON!
(This is the [Matching lines] game!)
Chuu: Going outside~
(Yves, Chuu, and Go Won running? Is this a scene from ‘One & Only’ music video?)
Yves: Remember, we’re on the 5 floor
Yves: And now, we take the elevator.
Yves: We’ll go to the 2nd floor!
Yves: And then close the doors
Yves: It should work, right?
Chuu: Right! It should go down!
Yves: Uh? Is it working?
Chuu: It’s going down?
(Yes. It’s working well…)
Chuu: Definitely it wasn’t working…
Chuu: Oh no, oh my…
Chuu: We became a fool!
Yves: Okay, let me explain what’s happened.
Yves: A little while ago, it didn’t work when I pushed 2nd floor button.
Chuu: Right! And doors kept opening.
Yves: However, suddenly it worked after we brought the PD here!!
Yves: So now we're on the 2nd floor!
Yes: I don’t know! What’s happening here!